Feature/improve readme (#3)
idrsolutions/formvu-docker: README.md

# FormVu Docker Image #

> FormVu is a PDF Forms to HTML conversion tool to allow you to convert PDF Forms into standalone HTML with interactive form components. This docker image can be used to containerise FOrmVu making it accessible via a REST API which is perfect for could deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FormVu is a PDF Forms to HTML conversion tool to allow you to convert PDF Forms into standalone HTML with interactive form components. This docker image can be used to containerise FormVu making it accessible via a REST API which is perfect for cloud deployments.
```

## Building the Image ##

> To build the image from the source use the following steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the image from source, use the following steps.
```

> In order to use the FormVu Docker image you will need a license to access the FormVu war file. If you have not got a license yet, you can find our [free trial or contact us here](https://www.idrsolutions.com/formvu/pricing).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to use the FormVu Docker image you will need a license to access the FormVu war file. If you have not got a license yet, you can [sign up for a free trial](https://www.idrsolutions.com/formvu/trial-download).
```

> Once you have access, you can get and run the docker image with the following commands.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you have the FormVu war file, you can pull and run the docker image with the following commands:
```

- Navigate to the project directory in a terminal
- Run the following command  
  ```docker build -t idrsolutions/formvu .```

## Getting Started ##

> In order to use the FormVu Docker image you will need a license to access the FormVu war file. If you have not got a license yet, you can find a [free trial or contact us here](https://www.idrsolutions.com/formvu/pricing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use the FormVu Docker image you will need a license to access the FormVu war file. If you have not got a license yet, you can find our [free trial or contact us here](https://www.idrsolutions.com/formvu/pricing).
```

> Once you have access you can get and run the docker image with the following commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have access, you can get and run the docker image with the following commands.
```

- Clone the project from [here](https://github.com/idrsolutions/formvu-docker)
- Navigate to the project directory in a terminal
- Run the following command  
  ```docker build -t idrsolutions/formvu .```

## Documentation ## 

> [IDRSolutions FormVu Cloud Support Page](https://support.idrsolutions.com/formvu/tutorials/cloud/).  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[FormVu Cloud Documentation](https://support.idrsolutions.com/formvu/tutorials/cloud/)
```

> [IDRSolutions FormVu Docker Support Page](https://support.idrsolutions.com/formvu/tutorials/cloud/docker).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[FormVu Docker Documentation](https://support.idrsolutions.com/formvu/tutorials/cloud/docker)
[Contact IDRsolutions](https://www.idrsolutions.com/contact-us)
```
